Previously...
..Harriet and Matthew
talked to the Traitors.
I want you to murder Jessie.
and then you can seduce me.
"We have a deal. new recruit."
Accusations were at
an all-time high...
I am as certain as I possibly can be
that Rachel is in that confessional.
..and the Traitors were left
feeling the pressure.
I have had enough. I'm on to you.
You should have killed me
when you had the chance.
Oh. my God.
The mission offered a chance
of protection.
We're leaving this Shield. yeah?
Grabbing a Shield will protect me
from murder tonight.
But how am I going to do it subtly?
Seven of you took Shields.
But with one player
keeping their Shield a secret.
doubt was cast amongst the teams.
Oh. mate. have you taken one?
No. I haven't taken a Shield.
I'm not a very good liar. It was me.
I'm sorry.
You do realise you BLEEP
for all of us. Yeah. No.
A heated round table...
Your behaviour only makes sense
if you are a Traitor.
You haven't got any evidence.
Put my name down
and then you can find out the truth.
I'm going to call your bluff.
You're a Traitor.
The bluff is Matthew.
The bluff is Roxy.
The bluff is Rachel.
..saw Harriet.
make the ultimate sacrifice.
I am a Faithful.
What?!
The Traitors had a difficult
decision to make...
Do we even seduce at all?
Our choices for murder
are Jessie. Adam. and James.
..but with murder in their sights...
If Sam doesn't actually
have a Shield.
and let's say the two Shields
are in those three people.
we've only got a 33% chance
of getting it right.
..will their gamble pay off?
This is The Traitors.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
It's down to chance.
We've made a decision.
and I really hope we've done
the right thing.
We'll know tomorrow.
We will know tomorrow.
Last night. the Traitors turned
down the option to seduce.
Instead. they attempted
their fifth murder -
but will they be successful.
or have they accidentally murdered
a shielded Faithful?
# Love is the devil in me. #
Ah. we're the first. OK.
First ones here.
I like being the first ones here.
Yeah.
All the nice food.
God. just seems so quiet in here
now. doesn't it?
Yeah.
Last night at the round table.
I was absolutely bricking it.
Doesn't mean I'm off the hook
at all.
because people are going to start
to look at the people
that Harriet pointed out.
which was Maddie. me and Roxy.
And she's got one of us right.
It's only a matter of time before
suspicion comes in my direction.
How did you sleep?
I just felt like a total idiot.
Why? Because I got it
so wrong with Harriet.
It was wrong.
but at the end of the day.
your case. to me.
was more compelling than her case.
The more she spoke.
the more I was convinced.
Yeah.
I am in trouble today.
I led the offensive on Harriet.
and she wasn't a Traitor.
and so there's a few questions
now being asked of me.
It's made me re-evaluate
how I'm looking at everyone.
I caught you looking at me. right?
And you were questioning me. right?
And then... That's my job! Yeah.
And then I was like. but of course.
because you don't know who I am.
Yeah. I feel like a Traitor
to the Faithful already.
The Traitors told me at my meeting
that they were going to kill Jessie.
I don't know if Jessie
had a Shield last night.
but if Jessie
is murdered this morning.
then I will be expecting to meet
the Traitors tonight.
We're getting each other banished.
The Traitors can just sit back
and watch and see what happens.
and then add their vote
to the person that's going.
Do we look for the people
that jump on a bandwagon
at the round table?
Jump on the bandwagon.
or the ones who are just completely
flying under the radar.
KNOCKING
Come in!
Hi. Hey!
Hello. Good morning.
Oh. gosh.
The group's getting small.
I'm really happy because I'm still
in the game.
I had a Shield.
so I'm protected from murder.
This is like the pivotal point
in the game.
My mum always used to joke
when I was a kid.
I could be playing the guitar
and the whole house could be
burning down around me.
but I was so focused
that I wouldn't have even noticed.
And I'm now so invested
in this game.
I will hyper focus my way
to the finish line.
We have to find a Traitor tonight.
This morning's going
to be interesting
because there was a lot of Shields
and then a lot of. obviously.
gameplay in order to protect.
I think if people did manage
to keep it to themselves.
that's the best thing we could have
done against the Traitors yesterday.
because you never know
who's in the room with you.
My biggest hope is
that the Traitors don't know.
and they pick someone with a Shield
and waste a murder.
That would be immensely satisfying.
We made a pact in our group
that we weren't going to reveal it.
But can we find out
in that other group
who did the sneaky thing
and went back and got one?
I'd like to know that.
I need to know that.
KNOCKING
That's got to be James. innit?
Come in! Come in!
Wahey!
# Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh! #
Guten Morgen.
This is ultimately a game
of self-preservation.
So. yesterday.
I just couldn't resist the Shield.
I just wanted
to feel it around my neck.
It's as simple as that.
And I knew it would bring a bit
of heat on me.
but I'd rather have heat and defend
myself at the round table
than get bumped off in the night.
That would suck.
We're so far on now
and there's so few people left.
I think that you've just got
to go into survival mode.
I feel exactly the same.
As a Faithful. I feel to stay
in the game.
you need to be shielded from murder.
I agree. I agree.
There's a very fine line between
playing as part of a team.
but also. like. self-preservation.
Do you know what?I think anybody
who went and wanted a Shield
and was open with their small team.
that's fine.
But I feel like the person
who didn't tell their small team.
that's a bit...
I'm dying to find out who that was.
Me too. Me too.
I can't... I just think it'll say
a lot. because deceptive behaviour
is something we need to look out for
with Traitors. right?
So who do we think
isn't coming back?
So. James. the three people
that left to come through.
are they all in your group?
They are.
It's Jessie. Sam... And Adam.
Can't lose Jessie.
Oh. God. No.
They might have gambled.
We were saying that.
Sam told a lot of people
he didn't have a Shield yesterday.
KNOCKING
Oh.
I'm just really hopeful
that we've made the right choice.
That the person we've murdered
does not have a Shield.
Come in!
Yeah! Yeah! Yay!
It's Adam. It's Adam. Adam's gone.
Stop it. stop it! Oh. guys...
What are the benefits
of getting rid of Adam?
Who did you vote for tonight? Matt.
If we murder Adam. it implicates...
Matt.
It also takes someone out
of the game that I can't read.
And he's not someone
that I can easily sway.
because I don't have
a good relationship with him.
We're going to murder Adam. Yeah.
I really hope he's not got
a Shield.
LAUGHS
"Dear Adam. by the order of the
Traitors. you have been murdered.
"Signed. the Traitors."
Gits!
I wanted to carry on playing.
but they murdered me.
Done me in my sleep. I'm happy for
as far as I've come in this game.
It's been
a life-changing experience.
Everything that I've learned
and every person that I've met.
I've took on a little bit on board.
I've been murdered.
Hunting ghosts. to becoming one.
I shall live on in spirit.
Oh. mate. Oh...
Oh. God.
Obviously feel delighted
that we took a risk last night
and went for Adam. and it paid off.
The fact that he didn't
have a Shield.
We were really. really lucky.
to be honest.
But it's hard
when you really like the people
that you're playing against.
and you know that they're going
to get upset.
That's the part
that I'm finding the hardest.
Does everyone know what happened
with our Shield stuff yesterday?
No. So yesterday. we got back
from the mission
and Claudia was like.
"Seven Shields today!"
We're like. "Seven?!"
Because we agreed to take one.
Because we'd just taken one.
Yeah. we took one.
Harriet went back and took
the Shield. did she? No. No.
And then James was like.
"It was me."
So Jessie was the first Shield
and you were the second Shield? Yes.
I own that. Self-preservation.
I'm genuinely feeling a bit
of survivor's guilt
from Adam. bless him.
I'm sorry. mate.
It's the Faithful paranoia.
I call it.
But I don't know
if I've ever done it with this move.
It was an instinctive move.
genuinely.
I'm like. I'm trusting my game here
on all these other people
being Faithfuls.
and I can't be sure.
If James had told us
that he took the second Shield.
that would have been fine.
because we would have come back
and be like.
"We've got two between five."
But me and Adam were like. I mean.
people saw how fuming I was.
I couldn't hide that.
So it was very obvious
that we didn't have Shields.
So for the Traitors here.
they were. like. perfect.
James. I just have to ask.
what were you thinking
about deceiving your small group?
Genuinely. in that second.
I just had this feeling.
Why didn't you say. "Guys.
I'm desperate for a Shield...?"
No-one's ever going to have any
problem with that. to be honest.
That's how the decision
was sort of made on our team.
But I have been a bit suspicious
of you.
and I feel like I can't not look
at you now
because that is deceptive behaviour.
It's been heated at breakfast.
James betrayed his team-mates.
so he's lied.
and that just raised suspicions.
Also. Jessie wasn't murdered last
night because she had the Shield.
So I'm wondering if the deal I made
with the Traitors is still on.
Jessie's murdered.
and I get recruited.
Can I just add. please.
because I don't want James
to get in a lot of heat...
I kind of deserve it. to be fair.
..if he was a Traitor.
he wouldn't be desperate to get one.
Adam's gone.
and it is hard because James
is my best mate in here.
But he's messed up. really.
I am an empathetic person.
I do get why he took it.
but it just caused a bit of tension.
which we didn't need. really.
Oh. hello. Oh...
Good morning.Good morning.
I hope you're enjoying
your breakfast.
but please spare a thought
for lovely Adam...
Oh. mate.
..because he has been murdered
by the Traitors.
You are currently having toast
with his killers.
Yeah. that's the truth of it.
Shortly. you'll be going outside
for a mission.
If you stay inside all day.
well. you'll get cabin fever.
Oh. God!
Not the cabin. The cabin!
Is it going to be like
an escape room?
Cabin in the woods!
I don't want to go.
Hey. Roxy. just a wee hug.
You all right?
It's just made me go into. like.
full self-preservation.
I know I was pissed off at James.
but I was also pissed off at myself
because I'm like. "I'm here to play
a game. I'm here to win.
"Why didn't I just grab a Shield?"
Anyway. that just made me...
Just like a switch has gone.
I'm like. if there's one today.
I'm grabbing it.
It's bad. Bad. It's bad.
I know. pal. It's just...
I think like...
I deserve a bit of heat for it.
Who knew that Adam
didn't have a Shield?
I know. that's really key. Because
I know that... I know Sam didn't.
But I did not know about Adam.
Sam was very adamant. saying. like.
"I don't have a Shield."
Who knew that he didn't have one?
But the thing is. James.
it now creates this distrust.
Like. if we have more team
missions...
Well. I won't do that again.
If you're a Faithful. James. you
know yourself it was a stupid move.
It was a stupid move.
and I think that is something
that's like now bugging me
because you have not been
on my radar at all.
Can we have a think about why Adam
was murdered last night and not me?
If I were a Traitor. I'd go.
"Hmm. if I murder Sam.
"can I make it look like
Matt and Faraaz?"
Yeah. or it makes it look
like you're a Traitor
and you can't die. because there's
been suspicion on you.
Yeah. yeah. Also that. Also that.
Suspicion on you from day one.
Yeah. so why would they murder you?
Yeah.
What James did was sneaky behaviour.
I don't think it was
Traitorous behaviour.
As much of a live wire that he is.
I'm very confident
that he's a Faithful.
I'm not going to say I don't think
you're a Traitor. I don't know.
I've given the Traitors an open goal
by some stupid play now.
I have.
I've given them an open goal.
The prize pot currently stands
at £50.250.
As always. the Faithful and the
Traitors must work together
if they want it to grow.
Roxy and the boys. Yay!
That sounds like a band.
Today. more than ever.
I'm struggling... Yeah.
..with where to look.
I know that Sam's had heat
on him before.
but I haven't seen it in Sam before.
Was it a bit of an act
when he came back yesterday
from the mission
and was really... Angry.
"Obviously you can tell I don't have
a Shield because I'm so angry."
Is that clever play? Because
it's like. oh. he's a Faithful
that's so gutted
he didn't get a Shield.
Or is it like... If he's a Traitor.
he can't be murdered.
Exactly. Exactly.
What about all of that yesterday?
Is that making you look in your team
or making you look out of your team?
It's just made me be very wary
of everyone. to be honest.
Sam's come in this morning
being like. "It was obvious both of
us didn't have Shields."
I'm like. "No. it wasn't obvious
both of you didn't have Shields."
It was only obvious
you didn't have a Shield. Sam.
because you made a point
of telling everyone.
The only thing I struggle with Sam.
is like. the more I speak to him.
the more I think he's Faithful.
I can't see how he's a Traitor.
Oh. here we go. Stop it!
Oh. there's the cabin.
Oh. no!
Oh. it's eerie.
Whenever you see a cabin
in the woods.
you immediately just think
of probably every horror film
there is going.
There's a graveyard
behind the cabin.
No. there's not. Roxy.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
# Can you hear me?
# Can you hear me running? #
What a beautiful home you have.
I know.
Welcome to my cabin in the woods.
I know what you're thinking.
Every year I say I'm going
to sort this cabin out.
I've got bad news for you.
Every year I forget.
This is where today's mission
is going to take place.
Once inside. you will each take
a seat and wait for a message.
I shall tell you this.
The messages will be both creepy
and cryptic.
If you work out
these messages correctly.
you should work out a name
of a person who is buried
in the cabin graveyard
just over there.
You will need to decipher these
messages quickly. though.
because the minute
the cabin door opens.
one player of your choosing
will have only 60 seconds
to go and stand
by the correct gravestone.
Understood?
Identify the correct grave
and you will bank £1.000
for the prize pot.
There are six messages.
so there's £6.000 up for grabs.
Now. please listen carefully.
I said it was up to you
which players exit the cabin
and go and stand in the graveyard.
Because the next bit
you will find important.
There is one Shield up for grabs.
A player might choose to take this.
but it will be at the expense
of any gold
that could have been retrieved.
Now. all of you.
please get ready to enter the cabin.
My advice?
Look around. take everything in
and try not to scream too loudly.
Good luck. In you go.
It's a seance! Oh!
What's the worst that can happen?
Come on.
You could die. We can't die.
Eurgh!
I'm scared.
There was a load of letters
etched into the table.
So we thought. is this going
to be some sort of clue?
Have the clues started yet?
Do you mind if
I put my hand on your leg?
Oh. guys. No. I don't like it.
I don't like it.
I don't like it. I don't like it.
It became quickly apparent
that there was going
to be some puzzling.
as well as some terroring.
And I like both of those things.
Oh! Hang on.
it's going to go to a letter.
S.
E.
L. Selma? Selma.
What's that? O.
S-E-L-O.
The first clue we realised
was an anagram.
The table was so dusty.
a few people were writing
the letters in the dust.
U-O-L-E-S.
A. B. Oh. wait.
That's an anagram for Black.
Louise... Louise Black.
I'm going to go for it
and I'm going to go for the Shield.
Although we are friends
on a surface level.
everyone is out for themselves.
I should be as well.
Here we go.
That was suspicious.
He's got so much heat on him.
they're not going to murder him.
That's what I'm saying.
But if he's a Traitor.
he's taking the Shield away from...
Do you think he would do that
so desperately to take it off
a Faithful? Yeah.
So when the door opens.
you know that you've got 60 seconds
to get the gold.
Or. in my case. go and try
and get the Shield.
Shield.
Shield. Shield. Shield. Here you go.
I want to play for the Shield.
Oh. my God! Thank you!
He wants the Shield
more than gold today.
LAUGHS:Nice! Oh. my God.
THEY SCREAM
Mamma mia! I don't like it.
I don't like it. I don't like it.
Oh. my God. there's a light.
there's a light!
Oh. my God!
This is not good for your heart.
Oh!
No! Stop! Stop it. stop it.
stop it. stop it!
When the blood started running
down the wall.
I couldn't help
but think of The Shining.
It definitely gave me
some old school horror film vibes.
Is it leaving something behind?
Look.
No. no. it's not. It's leaving
words. because there's an A.
there's an E. there's a T.
Yeah. yeah. there is.
Master of none. Master of none.
Master of none...
Jack of all trades.
Jack of all trades. Master of none.
They've underlined certain letters.
S. T...
Stone. Stone. Jack Stone!
I'd had enough of this cabin.
I put my hand up and said.
I'll do it.
and so I whipped out of there.
started searching around.
Jack Rock. Jack Rock!
Jack Rock died 1519.
No?
Oh!
Jack Stone died 1891.
Oh. my God!
Well done. Ellie. £1.000.
Go back to the castle.
After Sam's declaration
that he was taking that Shield.
no discussion. I knew I wanted to go
and grab some gold for the group.
and so it was really. really
pleasing
to be able to go and do that.
Oh. oh. oh!
The typewriter starts
going absolutely crazy.
SCREAMS
OK. it says. "The tales
of the youngest Darkin sister."
We have to work out which one
is the youngest of them.
And it's going to be...
That's going to be the name.
So. Daphne
is three years older than Dorothy.
So. Daphne plus three.
Dorothy will be half as old
as Dierdre.
That's OK. Come on.
Dorothy will be half as old
as Deirdre
when Daphne is as old
as Deirdre is.
Deirdre is the oldest.
Dorothy is the youngest. right.
so we're looking for Dorothy.
It's the... It's the youngest.
Dorothy Darkin. Dorothy Darkin.
Dorothy Darkin. 1761.
I love horror movies.
and then I had to leave -
but I banked £1.000 for the team.
That's all that matters right now.
That's £2.000 added.
There are three messages left.
BANG
Argh!
SCREAMS
Sorry! Something grabbed my leg!
No. no. no. no. no.
Something grabbed my leg.
SCREAMS
What?!
Please don't touch me. What?!
The scares between the cryptic clues
just didn't seem to stop.
It was terrifying.
BANG
My nerves are shot.
GURGLED SINGING
A.
A...
The singing doll
was essentially omitting
certain letters of the alphabet
when it sang the alphabet song.
So what letters do we know
for certain we're missing?
Argh! Sorry. Stop it!
So definitely B. E...
Berty.
So it's Berty. Berty.
We've got that.
We're trying to make note of
what letters it had removed.
and that was where we got Berty.
But none of us were certain
on the surname.
so I just went for the first.
like. Berty grave that I saw.
Berty Frost died 1674.
OK. so. Jack.
if you've got it correct.
the gold will appear.Agh!
Oh.
The light. the light...
CLOCKS CHIME
Oh. the clocks.
Four clocks stopped
at a certain time.
and underneath it. it said
"1=A."
There's 12. There's four.
Is that one. that one?
So that's... D-A.
D-A-L-E. Dale.
Dale. Dale. anything with Dale?
Anything to do with Dale.
Go on. Rach. Good luck.
That's really tricky.
I think we do fairly work well
as a team
when we're all working
towards building the prize pot.
Dale Cross. Got it. Dale Cross!
Whaa! Jesus Christ.
They have one last shot at gold.
I've almost wet myself. I think.
I'm touching cloth.
SCREAMS
OK. Flashing up there.
Look behind. Oh. yeah.
Calendar burning. standard.
Oh. and there's a red circle
on February.
It's got to be something
Valentine. right?
Surely... Mary Valentine.
Mary. date. Valentine.
March. Ma'am. Ma'am.
I was always going
to stay in the cabin until the end.
I thought I could help
with the answers.
A. because I was staying calm.
and B. because I was
really enjoying my time in it.
Valentine spring died 1659.
Argh!
Sorry.
I'm really sorry.
How are you doing that?
My God. is that person OK?
Thank you.
They're dead.Oh. sorry.
They'll be fine.
I know. £1.000 added.
Thank you very much.
Get back to the castle.Thank you so
much. Off you go.OK. cheers.
Bye.
Let me out.
Players. you survived the cabin.
Congratulations.
I can now reveal. as a team.
you managed to match four messages
with the correct gravestones.
Yay! Well done.
£4.000 has been added
to the prize fund.
For the money you didn't bank.
was that because
the answer was incorrect
or because they went for a Shield?
I'll let you work that out.
It's now time for you guys
to get back to the castle.
You're going to swap
one scary place for another.
I will see you at the round table.
Well done.
Off you go.Bye. Claudia.
Hi. Hello. I thought I was
all alone! Where is everyone?
I was very lonely there.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
How did it go? Yeah. all right.
I was second out. so. yeah.
Were you? Did you get it right?
Yeah.
Oh. good. Well done.
Did you go for the Shield?
Did you get it?
Boy. did I? Yeah. I did.
Like. some blue hand just. like.
shot out of the grave.
The only time I've ever thought
it could be Sam was today.
He was always going to go
for the Shield.
Do it at the end. though. Yeah.
I think he just didn't want to risk
that someone else
would get it before him.
But what I don't understand is.
I think he knows
that he's least likely
to get murdered out of that group.
He said it himself.
I feel like there's something
going on within that group
that you had yesterday.
What do you mean?
Because how else would
anyone have known
that Adam didn't have a Shield
unless they were within your group?
Yeah.
You're James's bezzie in here.
Yeah. yeah. He deceived you -
and I think to be able to do that
is someone who can murder
quite casually.
I am a gravy gal. obviously.
I love gravy. Up North.
you've got to have the gravy. Yeah.
How are you feeling about tonight?
I don't know.
You kind of get. like...
There's only so much you can do.
Yeah. absolutely.
Who hasn't had anything? Like.
Jessie. Faraaz have had nothing.
I know now why they killed Adam
instead of me last night.
Yeah. Because no Traitors backed
Adam. really. at all.
And now it will be like.
how's Sam escaped so many times?
And it's a perfect story to tell.
I think that's their plan A.
Is that your plan A?
You tell me. Yeah.
To be up front with you.
I'm like.
I'm definitely suspicious of you.
I'll bring it to the table.
With Sam's behaviour around
insisting that we all knew Adam
didn't have a Shield and then going
for a Shield today in the mission.
it feels like Traitorous behaviour.
He's under quite a lot of suspicion
as a Traitor.
and I just think. if you're
a Faithful under suspicion.
you're actually fairly safe
from murder
because you're a good
distraction for the Traitors.
No idea what's going to happen
tonight. I've got no idea.
Well. I feel like me. you and Sam
will probably get heat.
With Adam being murdered.
it kind of pins it on us.
Yeah. Hopefully people will realise
I'm not that bright.
Who else would have known
about that?
I have put my foot in it massively.
right.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm very exposed now. and I am kind
of going into the round table
presuming I may well be banished.
if I'm honest. tonight.
I think I've unfortunately
sown the seeds for my demise
with my Shield grab.
Ironically. a desperate
Faithful play.
I want to try and speak to Matt
before the round table.
because I'm probably
going to vote for him.
Matt is my number one and Sam
is my number two at the moment.
even though I've sort of.
up until this point. defended Sam.
I do feel like. as a clever bloke.
it's a clever play
to take the Shield away from all the
Faithfuls that really want one.
It just doesn't make sense to me.
So. you put yourself
in the spotlight at that point...
Completely. ..and then...what if you
go and get yourself banished?
What have you done then?
James's behaviour today
has just been erratic.
Honestly. like I've had suspect
on him for ages.
Yeah. If we have future
team mission things.
can you trust someone
like that on your team?
Jack. can I just have a quick chat?
Just us three. Quick. yeah.
I don't know how long I have left.
so I'd like to talk
to my trusted pile.
With my job.
I meet lots of different people
and I am a good judge of character.
My mum brought me up
to always believe
my opinion is valid.
So. if I talk.
it means it's important.
You know in that library
with Ben about Ross..
Yeah. yeah.
..could there have been
another Traitor? Well. yeah.
There could have been.
couldn't there?
Could have been Stephen as well.
Well. that's what I'm thinking.
I asked him. "Well. if it isn't us.
who else is it?"
And he really pushed it on Fiona.
Did he push her to then get her out.
and then I'll back off of that?
I don't think it could be. I mean.
maybe he's just Oscar-worthy actor.
but it seemed legit.
I just can't get him out of my head.
No. I know. I keep fluctuating
on Stephen -
and then I thought
when he got so upset
that Fiona said they weren't
as close as he thought.
I thought. "Oh. he's a Faithful."
But maybe they're close
because they're Traitors!
Oh. this is getting hard.
I don't want to get it wrong
and push it on him if it isn't him.
But people just really dismiss him.
I don't get how.
because he was one of the people
who was in the cages.
What I'm trying to work out. right.
is I've gone back
to the nine cages. right?
Do you two believe there was
a Traitor in those nine?
To be honest with you.
I've thought about it a lot.
Please don't think of this as me
also doing the thing again
where I'm saying. "Oh. look over
there." I'm not doing that.
But I'm just trying to say. like.
I personally think there was a
Traitor in that nine. right? Yeah.
But there is a chance
that there wasn't.
There must have been one.
Jessie has come back in
with another theory
which does kind of
implicate me again.
She's starting to peddle that there
must have been a Traitor
in those cages. I'm just thinking.
like. don't look suspicious.
Don't look suspicious.
So. yeah. it's becoming
increasingly difficult.
# There's some things
you only learn in a storm... #
It's been a day of shocks
at the castle.
First. ghost hunter Adam
was murdered.
Then the players had to deal with
the very creepy cabin.
But now. who is about to get
the biggest surprise
at the round table?
I'm hoping that we catch a Traitor
at the round table
because the numbers
are getting less.
I just have this feeling
that it's Stephen.
So I'll probably bring
him up tonight.
Jessie is the one that's pushing
the narrative
that I must be a Traitor.
She is just so adamant
that I understand
that this could probably be
the thing that gets me banished.
# And when it's live or die
# I'll live forever. #
The Traitors last night chose
to murder Adam.
So that coming in today.
their narrative is.
how is Sam surviving all of
these narrow escapes?
I know that narrative
is going to be spun.
and I will be on the front foot
going into tonight's round table.
I'll be lying if I said there isn't
a chance I could be banished.
I think there's two people that
are going to go for me at least.
I'm expecting to be grilled like
a bit of bacon.
I will come out swinging
if I have to. you know?
I've got nothing to hide. have I?
Players. welcome back
to the round table.
Today you added £4.000
to the prize fund.
That means the current
total is £54.250.
Today. you had to decipher
cryptic clues.
So. Faithful. are the Traitors
giving you any clues?
Are you any closer to catching one?
The floor is yours.
I'll just jump in.
So. the reason that we kept
the Shield secret yesterday
was so that we could try
and find out who was murdered
from what team. and then who knew
that that person
then didn't have a Shield.
And that is the biggest evidence
that I have right now.
So. like. yourself. Jessie.
yourself. James.
and yourself. Sam.
You are the only three people
that I can understand
actually knew that Adam
didn't have a Shield.
Did anyone else know
that Adam didn't have a Shield
outside of Adam's group?
Because I had no idea.
I knew he was annoyed.
but I thought he was annoyed
maybe because you had
said something.
Not calling you a Traitor.
but if I were a Traitor now.
I would say. "Who here knew
that Adam didn't have a Shield?"
No-one's putting their hand up.
Yeah. Do you know what I mean?
I get it. Like. that's a crazy
scenario to go. "Oh. yeah. I did."
You go. "Well. obviously you did
so you murdered him."
What I'm saying is that I don't have
anything else. Yeah.
Not to defend Stephen.
but. like. Adam got murdered.
Who else can I look at?
Who else knew?
And it is the three of you.
And especially when two of you
displayed such erratic behaviour.
Like. I don't know
whether it's because...
Desperate behaviour. I'd say.
What was erratic about mine?
It's just the way that you
were gunning for that Shield.
There has been a lot of heat on you.
and if anything.
that should make you feel
more secure.
There was. and then I didn't
get one vote last night.
So in my mind I'm going.
if I don't get a Shield tonight.
that could be exactly
the same thing.
People will say. like. me.
Faraaz. Jessie.
people that haven't had little
to no votes or suspicion.
are like the prime targets for
murder. because it's very unlikely
at this stage
that we're going to be voted out.
If you're not Traitors. Yeah.
Yeah. That's what I'm saying.
do you know what I mean?
And that's what I'm thinking.
Like. I know that you're all
lovely people.
but you could be playing
the best game ever.
Sam. I've been suspicious
of you for a while.
I think today has kind of. you know.
put a little more in the pot for me.
When you came to breakfast and said
everybody knew that you and Adam
didn't have a Shield.
I don't think that was true.
I did think it was obvious
that both Adam and I.
from our reaction.
didn't have Shields.
Maybe I assumed wrong.
Not tit for tat again. Ellie.
but I want to run through
why I think you're a Traitor.
There's this pattern of just going
for what you think the majority is.
We look at the first night.
sat back and said nothing.
Vote for Judy because everyone did.
Sat back and said nothing.
voted for Hugo.
You've forgotten the round table
that I voted for you at.
Where I said I'd vote for you
and I did. Yeah. that was once.
I think I've actually been
sticking to my guns.
I don't think I've been
hiding in votes.
I think I've been forming
my own opinions.
bringing them here
and following them.
James. you took a Shield without
the rest of your group knowing.
You lied when
you had a chance to tell them.
I messed up. I own it. But whoever
murdered Adam.
if they weren't in our group.
would have had to take
a gamble. wouldn't they?
Because we still didn't disclose
who had our Shield.
I think it's too big a gamble
for a Traitor to take.
to be honest.
because their main objective
as a Traitor
is to kill the Faithfuls. right?
You would be a crazy Traitor
to take a punt
when you've got such
a small margin of people.
Jade. I was thinking about you...
Yeah. ..and the Adam connection.
Adam actually connects to us four.
because he voted for me last.
He was on your team.
And he connects to you because he
voted for you the night before.
And then Maz was up for murder.
who was... Had voted for you.
He got murdered.
Amanda got banished.
So... I get it.
Sam and you are Traitors.
You know that Adam
doesn't have a Shield
because Sam was in the team. right?
You can all vote for me.
it's fine.
but hand on heart. I am a Faithful.
Put me up there. that's fine.
I cannot accept that no-one knew
that Adam didn't have a Shield.
I can't accept it.
So someone is not being honest
about not knowing that Adam
didn't have a Shield.
Can I tell you where my head's at?
Since I've got here.
I've got a couple of things right.
I've a couple of things wrong.
So. I'm coming back to something
that I'm sure of.
Amanda was a Faithful.
She had phenomenal experience
and she had two suspects
on her list.
Sam and Jade.
Amanda's job. for me.
was one of the strongest leads
that we have for really.
really understanding people.
She's not here. I know...
Like. and like. as you say. you've
done FBI training and got it wrong.
I know. And she's had years'
experience. got it wrong.
No. my training is four months'
long. her career is 30 years.
Yeah. and that's fine.
If that's what you want to base
your suspicions on.
I don't have anything else.
I...
I would just like to talk about
where my head's at.
So I've just gone back to who was
in those nine cages.
and there must have been
one Traitor in them. right?
The chances are high.
Right. so Maz is out.
Amanda's out. Harriet is out.
Jack. I don't know.
but you've not done anything
to make me doubt you.
James. you're not one
who I am like. "Mm. it's him."
Faraaz. I don't know. but I've just
got more on other people.
Who's left then?
Jade. Stephen.
Sam.
I believe it must be one. right?
I just don't get how Maz
did not come back.
If I was a Traitor
and I had to murder one person.
I would have picked you. Stephen.
Because Maz did have heat on him.
which it would have been best
to keep him in.
We never know what the Traitors
are doing. right?
Yes. it's likely that there was one
in the cages. but it's not a given.
And I think
that we need to make sure
that we're using.
like. definite hard evidence.
And I know this is your evidence.
as you see it at the moment.
but I'm a Faithful
and I just don't know.
I just. I don't know.
I just hope for you
that the theory has legs.
That's all I'm saying.
Then when Fiona told us
she was a Traitor.
just how upset you was voting her.
Is it guilt because a Traitor
has had to go against
another Traitor?
I don't feel like I just
threw Fiona to anyone.
I really struggled voting for Fiona.
Players. the time for talk is over.
Please write down the person
you believe is a Traitor.
Roxy. we're going to start with you.
Who do you believe
is a Traitor and why?
James. Surprise. surprise.
I just struggle to get past
the Shield thing.
Stephen.
Sam. I'm really sorry. pal.
I do think there was a Traitor
in that team yesterday.
or that someone else knew.
but no-one was owning up.
And I'm really sorry.
but I think you're such a great guy.
Ellie.
Sam. I also share that belief that
there was a Traitor in that team
who knew that Adam
didn't have a Shield.
Jack.
This is really tough.
Matt. I love you. man.
Harriet told us to look
at three people.
You were one of the three.
I am really sorry
if I'm wrong. mate.
James.
Matthew.
I do think you're a Traitor.
so I'm voting for you. mate.
Sam.
Ellie. Um. just because
of what I've mentioned.
the voting patterns.
inconsistencies.
So. a vote count.
Two for Sam. two for Matthew.
one for James. and one for Ellie.
Matthew. Who do you believe
is a Traitor and why?
Sam. I voted for you.
I have obviously thought you
were a Traitor for a while.
You've come up a lot tonight.
so I need to follow through.
Jessie.
Stephen.
Just from what I've mentioned.
Rachel.
I voted for Sam.
I can't ignore Amanda's words
and your actions
in the last 24 hours.
Jade.
Sam. I voted for yourself.
Your behaviour today just really
threw me off. so. I'm sorry.
And for the final vote. Faraaz.
Honestly. I think you're class.
but I voted for you. Sam.
Sam. you have received
the most votes.
Please come up and join me.
# Where do we go?
# Where do we go from here... #
Sam. you have received
the most votes.
You are banished from the castle.
Please reveal. are you a Faithful
or are you a Traitor?
What a ride!
Apart from being Billy Nomates
in the cage. I've had the best time.
I think you're all amazing
and I wish you all the best of luck.
But right now. I just want to go
and see my wife.
Faraaz. Matt...
..guess persistence is key.
I have always been a...
..Faithful.
# Where do we go?
# Where do we go from here... #
Actually thought we got one. Yes.
Faithful.
So. you've lost one of your own.
He was never a Traitor.
What makes matters worse
is the Traitors will meet tonight
and they will plot their next move.
So. get some sleep if you can.
Told you.
# Take the time to make some sense
of what you want to say
# And cast your words away
upon the way... #
I can't believe we've got another
Faithful out.
Yeah. let's just take that in.
What?!
It's good for you. though.
Amanda was wrong about him.
and she was sure about you.
Yeah. No. I know.
We're on the ropes now. Faithfuls.
The odds are really
stacked against us now.
We are on the ropes.
Oh. Christ. This is awful.
I was so convinced.
You have this feeling and this
suspicion. I guess. like you just...
An itch you have to scratch.
You just have to keep going for it.
# We're all part
of the master plan. #
Great argument
that you were pulling together.
How did you remember
all those people?
Because I mapped it all out.
Every time I air my concerns
about Stephen.
it just gets totally dismissed.
The game really does
make me exhausted.
I just can't get it out of my head.
Do you know what you need to do.
as well?
I can't get that out of my head
because I hoped if Sam was.
then. right. well. I'll back off.
Hold on. Don't forget.
Because that was up to chance.
So who's just letting
that ride and slip under?
Who came back from a cage?
I think there's a Traitor.
But he's the only one left.
But who came back from it?
Who got out of the cage?
A certain event
like tonight's round table
was a huge moment for us as Traitors
and Stephen in particular.
So. if he doesn't handle
this properly.
he could be in big trouble.
I will stick up for him
in a smart way.
and if I can gently divert.
I'll do that.
Honestly. the thing
that's so frustrating
is that I know for a fact
that. like. there'll be Traitors
at that table who are not
getting questioned.
No. And I'm saying the same things
over and over again.
Starting to really piss me off.
I've made it through
one more round table.
I am quite nervous because I know
that Jessie's theory
is obviously correct.
I'm just hoping that other people
have their own lines of inquiry
that they're going after.
I just have to go
into self-preservation mode.
Right. we are the only ones
who did know about Adam.
Apparently. yeah. Yeah.
But they've taken a guess. though.
But if it isn't...
It's not me. right?
I promise you.
I don't mind you having doubts.
But if it isn't us.
how did they know about it?
They guessed right.
Honestly. three out of five.
Do you know why? How are we
going to back it up. that?
I kind of hoped it was Sam.
I needed it to be. Because it takes
it off of us. and now...
You'll be here tomorrow. hopefully.
I don't know. because...
I'll get heat.
..if they murder me.
then it pins it totally on to you.
Of course it does.
It could still be Stephen.
But I'm the only person on him.
It's just a bit pointless
because it's just me.
Don't say it's pointless.
It's just me doing it.
Our game rests on this moment.
do you know what I mean?
I'll just ride out the day
if I'm here.
Yeah. I really hope you are.
I'm going to throw out a random
theory and cause some ruckus.
Go on. Rachel. Why not?
Wait. with who?
I need to redirect
a little bit of attention.
Create a little bit of confusion
in the castle.
People are out for blood.
so. I just need to make it
look like I am too.
I'm going to throw something random
at you.
You're the baby of the castle. 22.
Mm.
You're getting rid of all
the older players.
You never know.
I don't think you'd have gone
so heavily for Samuel.
Yeah. unless... I'm gutted.
Like. I genuinely am gutted.
because that was what I was scared
of losing him.
Because he is a good Faithful.
but I just couldn't shake it.
I know. but listen...
It's fair. it's fair.
..this is what the game
will do to you.
Yeah. we're going to get it wrong
and right.
People are trying
to bring heat on me.
They're just clutching at straws.
I've shown no Traitorous behaviour.
been honest with everyone.
I feel that Rachel does carry quite
a lot of weight with what she says.
and a lot of people do trust her.
At this point.
I need to consider having a look
at people that I do trust.
like Rachel. like Matt.
I'm going to have to look
at everyone.
When I was looking at the most
compelling evidence
I feel like I've had in days.
which is Adam was murdered.
I don't believe the Traitors
would just take a punt.
A pot shot. And try and do it.
And so then I'm thinking to myself.
but then also like.
why do we also not consider Jessie?
Yeah. why...? Why is it just James?
I know. I know. I know. I know.
that's scary. Yeah.
We just need to be careful
that we're not just omitting people
from suspicion
just because they are who they are.
And they're nice. And they're nice.
Or whatever. yeah.
Basically. now. if we're all going
to go down Jessie's theory.
I know that I'm a Faithful.
I am... I am a Faithful.
I don't suspect Jade
of being a Traitor. I am a Faithful.
And so that then means
that in her cage theory.
if I'm a Faithful.
then Jade has to be a Traitor.
And do you know what?
If Jessie is a Traitor.
she's playing a blinding game.
Because how many round tables
do we have left?
And not had a single... And. yeah.
and so if you're going to keep
pushing that theory.
it'll be me first. maybe.
then you. and then you're wasting
round tables. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Sorry. guys. See you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow. pet.
I really. really hope I come back.
I don't feel ready to go.
# Don't cast me away... #
# Like snake skin... #
If Jessie gets murdered tonight.
then I become a Traitor tomorrow.
I think I do want to become
a Traitor
because I want a semblance
of control.
The Traitors have got
the advantage. right?
I'd be an idiot not to want it.
Sam has been banished.
the castle clock has chimed.
which means the Faithful
must hurry home to their beds.
The Traitors. however.
they have a decision to make.
Last night. they chose
to murder Adam.
So. tonight. will they murder again.
or will they seduce?
Stephen.
What a day!
We're still here.
They are completely hungry
for blood.
I know. We've got these two sheets.
seduction or murder.
It's a tough choice.
I can see the benefits of both.
but I think if Matt were to come
in here now.
he would cause chaos in the Turret.
And I think we're playing
a nice. safe game.
I don't want him in here.
I don't think it's going
to add to our game.
We know each other
and how we work as Traitors.
Yeah. For me. it would be murder.
It's murder.
What kind of message do you think
tonight's murder will send to Matt?
If Matt does have any suspicion
on either one of us.
but he's currently underplaying it
because he's wanting to be
with us in the Turret.
when he realises that we're not
following through
on our side of the deal...
He'll take us out.
Does he then just go. "This is what
I said in the confession box.
"This is what they said back.
Here's who I think it is."
He's dangerous. isn't he?
He's dangerous. Oh. yeah.
I have a risky one.
and it's Jessie.
I was thinking the same.
Benefits of murdering Jessie
are she's too close to home.
Yeah. She has it completely spot on.
Yeah.
The disadvantage of murdering her
is the direct connection to you.
Is it the obvious thing
to murder her?
Because nobody would think
you'd be that stupid to do that.
If Jessie was compelling enough
at the round table tomorrow...
..could she get people
to vote for me?
It's not my call.
I'm not the one that has a direct
connection to Jessie.
I don't want to get to
the endgame with a table
full of absolute Faithfuls.
If it gets down to a final four
or final three
and people have to choose
between you or Faz...
They're going to choose him.
They're going to choose Faz. Yeah.
The thing with Faz is that now
that Sam's out of the picture.
I think he'll come for me next.
Do we take him out
and take Jessie out on another time?
It's such a hard decision to make.
Yeah.
So our top three is Jessie...
..Matt...
BOTH: ..and Faraaz.
Oh. God.
I'll support you.
but this is a pivotal point
in the game.
Honestly. this is the hardest
decision I've had to make.
I think this is going to decide
whether or not
I make it through with you
to the end.
It's your game. but I also need it
to be the right decision
for both of us.
# This is the way we play
# The game of survival. #
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm